Ff154 relnote rtcicetransport candidate pair (#44863)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcicecandidatepair/remote/index.md

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The **`remote`** property of the **{{domxref("RTCIceCandidatePair")}}** interface specifies the {{domxref("RTCIceCandidate")}} describing the configuration of the remote end of a viable WebRTC connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`remote`** property of the {{domxref("RTCIceCandidatePair")}} interface specifies the {{domxref("RTCIceCandidate")}} that describes the configuration of the remote end of a viable WebRTC connection.
```
